Quick and sleazy 5 paragraph essay maker

Don’t you hate remembering those essays you have to write the day before
it’s due? Some people have even less time, hours even before a large
portion of their grade is determined from an exhausting essay. If only
there was an easier way...

Introducing the quick and sleazy 5 paragraph essay maker, where typing in
a few simple sentences can be formatted into a beautiful 5-page essay
quickly on the web! If you ever wish you could write an essay with bullet
points, this tool can help you turn those facts into a presentable essay
to your teacher. Just follow the online guide, and bing bang boom an essay
is born. Disclaimer: don’t submit this for an actual grade.

The intended user is a disgruntled student that understands what they need
to write about but are tired and feel like an essay is too daunting and
would appreciate the assistance. They come up with facts about their
topic, but coming up with transitions, and a general flow to their
argument is something this program can help with.

When the user starts the program it first needs some info about the essay
from the user like the thesis, their hook, and some big ideas. Then they
begin accepting sentences with prompts like “Fact #1 of your essay”
“Possible contradiction ... answer to contradiction” The user should enter
their answers plainly, like a bullet point for each pull. The program will
strip it into the lower case, plugging it into the framework, and
capitalizing from there. Computationally there will be a function that
constructs a paragraph, where the parameters determine which paragraph it
is, Introduction, Body1, Body2, Body3, or Conclusion then append it to the
essay file as an indented paragraph.

What makes this program a challenge is trying to make it the least robotic
possible, I have no doubt that my inexperience with computational writing
will make it difficult for any essay thrown through this program to sound
human, but maybe a very tired student submitting a paper hours before it’s
due? I also expect the outcomes to be quite humorous, as I thought this
program’s results would be more valuable as a laugh than trying to prove a
point. The deeper purpose of creating this tool is to learn and form
submission through webpages and computing through server side programming.
